Add tsubasa keyboard (#18400)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/handwired/tsubasa/readme.md

# TSUBASA

> ![tsubasa](https://imgur.com/q5JlhvM)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![tsubasa](https://i.imgur.com/q5JlhvMh.jpeg)
```

Author: Oh, thank you.

> ![tsubasa](https://github.com/kuriatsu/TSUBASA/blob/main/image/tsubasa.jpg)

Reviewer: Please rehost on Imgur.

Author: OK

Hotswap split row-staggerd keyboard with an OLED and a rotary encoder

* Keyboard Maintainer: [kuriatsu](https://github.com/kuriatsu)
* Hardware Supported: ProMicro
* Hardware Availability and Build Guide: [Repository](https://github.com/kuriatsu/TSUBASA)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

> ```bash
> qmk compile -kb handwired/tsubasa -km default
> ```
> 
> Flashing example for this keyboard:
> 
> ```bash
> qmk flash -kb handwired/tsubasa -km default
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    make handwired/tsubasa:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make handwired/tsubasa:default:flash
```
